Refactor of Alexa adapter (#179)
BotBuilderCommunity/botbuilder-community-dotnet: libraries/Bot.Builder.Community.Adapters.Alexa/README.md

# Alexa Adapter for Bot Builder v4 .NET SDK - ***PREVIEW***

## Build status
| Branch | Status | Recommended NuGet package version |
| ------ | ------ | ------ |
| master | [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/b9123gl3kih8x9cb?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/garypretty/botbuilder-community) | Preview [available via MyGet (version 4.6.4-beta0036)](https://www.myget.org/feed/botbuilder-community-dotnet/package/nuget/Bot.Builder.Community.Adapters.Alexa/4.6.4-beta0036) |

## Description

This is part of the [Bot Builder Community Extensions](https://github.com/botbuildercommunity) project which contains various pieces of middleware, recognizers and other components for use with the Bot Builder .NET SDK v4.

The Alexa Adapter allows you to add an additional endpoint to your bot for Alexa Skills. The Alexa endpoint can be used
in conjunction with other channels meaning, for example, you can have a bot exposed on out of the box channels such as Facebook and 
Teams, but also via an Alexa Skill (as well as side by side with the Google / Twitter Adapters also available from the Bot Builder Community Project).

> Incoming Alexa Skill requests are transformed, by the adapter, into Bot Builder Activties and then when your bot responds, the adapter transforms the outgoing Activity into an Alexa Skill response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incoming Alexa Skill requests are transformed, by the adapter, into Bot Builder Activities and then when your bot responds, the adapter transforms the outgoing Activity into an Alexa Skill response.
```

```cs
await turnContext.SendActivityAsync("Your message text", inputHint: InputHints.ExpectingInput);
```

You can alter the default behavior to leave the session open and listen for further input by default by setting the ***ShouldEndSessionByDefault*** setting on the ***AlexaAdapterOptions*** class when creating your adapter, as shown below.

```csharp
    public class AlexaAdapterWithErrorHandler : AlexaAdapter
    {
        public AlexaAdapterWithErrorHandler(ILogger<AlexaAdapter> logger)
            : base(new AlexaAdapterOptions() { ShouldEndSessionByDefault = false }, logger)
    {
        OnTurnError = async (turnContext, exception) =>
        {
            // Log any leaked exception from the application.
            logger.LogError(exception, $"[OnTurnError] unhandled error : {exception.Message}");

            // Send a message to the user
            await turnContext.SendActivityAsync("The bot encountered an error or bug.");
            await turnContext.SendActivityAsync("To continue to run this bot, please fix the bot source code.");
        };
    }
}
```

> If you do set ***ShouldEndSessionByDefault*** to true, then you need to explicity end the conversation when you are ready, by sending an input hint of ***IgnoringInput*** on your last outgoing activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do set ***ShouldEndSessionByDefault*** to false, then you need to explicitly end the conversation when you are ready, by sending an input hint of ***IgnoringInput*** on your last outgoing activity.
```
